**Global Sunflower Seeds Market Size, Share, Opportunities, and Key
Insights**

**Global Sunflower Seeds Market Size and Opportunity Analysis**

Global [**Sunflower Seeds
Market**](https://www.custommarketinsights.com/report/sunflower-seeds-market/)
was valued at **USD 29.27 Billion** in 2025 and is expected to reach
**USD 35.98 Billion** by 2034, at a CAGR of **2.14%** during the
forecast period 2025 -- 2034. This growth is primarily driven by the
rising demand for healthy snacks and the increasing use of sunflower
seeds in the food industry. Government support for sunflower seed
farming, including subsidies and research initiatives, further
stimulates market expansion. However, challenges such as vulnerability
to adverse weather conditions and competition from other snack options
and cooking oils may restrain growth.

**List of the prominent players in the Sunflower Seeds Market:**

-   Conagra Brands Inc.

-   GIANT Snacks Inc.

-   PepsiCo Inc.

-   Chinook Seedery

-   Nufarm Limited

-   Kenkko Corporation

-   CHS Inc.

-   Martin Inc.

-   American Meadows Inc.

-   Blue Diamond Group Ltd.

-   DuPont

-   Sakata Seed America

-   Nuseed

-   Limagrain UK

-   Mahyco Seeds

-   Advanta Seeds -- UPL

-   KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA

-   Land O'Lakes Inc.

-   Euralis Semences

-   Corteva Agriscience

-   Others

The **Sunflower Seeds Market** is segmented as follows:

**By Product Type**

-   Oilseed

-   Non-Oilseed

**By Application**

-   Edible Oil

-   Snacks

-   Confectionery

-   Bakery Products

-   Others

**Regional Coverage:**

**North America**

-   U.S.

-   Canada

-   Mexico

-   Rest of North America

**Europe**

-   Germany

-   France

-   U.K.

-   Russia

-   Italy

-   Spain

-   Netherlands

-   Rest of Europe

**Asia Pacific**

-   China

-   Japan

-   India

-   New Zealand

-   Australia

-   South Korea

-   Taiwan

-   Rest of Asia Pacific

**The Middle East & Africa**

-   Saudi Arabia

-   UAE

-   Egypt

-   Kuwait

-   South Africa

-   Rest of the Middle East & Africa

**Latin America**

-   Brazil

-   Argentina

-   Rest of Latin America

**For more information, DOWNLOAD FREE SAMPLE of Global Sunflower Seeds
Market 2025--2034**

**<https://www.custommarketinsights.com/request-for-free-sample/?reportid=68314>**

**Regional Scope of the Global Sunflower Seeds Market:**

**Europe**

Europe holds a significant position in the global sunflower seeds
market, accounting for approximately 30% of the market share. This
prominence is attributed to favorable agricultural conditions and the
strategic importance of sunflower cultivation in countries such as
Ukraine, Russia, and France. These nations benefit from optimal
climates, advanced farming practices, and substantial investments in
seed technology, leading to high production levels. The region\'s strong
demand for sunflower oil and related products, both domestically and for
export, further reinforces its market dominance.

**North America**

In North America, the United States stands out as a major consumer and
producer of sunflower seeds, particularly valued for their use in snacks
and oil production. The region benefits from advanced agricultural
technologies and a strong focus on research and development,
contributing to efficient cultivation and processing. The growing
consumer preference for healthy, plant-based snacks and oils has led to
increased demand, with sunflower seed consumption rising by 15% in
recent years. This trend is supported by a well-established food
processing industry and diverse climatic conditions suitable for
sunflower cultivation.

**Asia-Pacific**

The Asia-Pacific region is experiencing rapid growth in the sunflower
seeds market, driven by increasing health awareness and the
incorporation of seeds into daily diets. Countries like China and India
are at the forefront of this expansion, with consumers seeking
nutritious snack options and cooking oils. The region\'s market growth
is further supported by local companies introducing innovative products
and effective marketing strategies aimed at younger demographics. As a
result, sunflower seed consumption in Asia-Pacific has surged by 20%,
reflecting a significant shift towards healthier eating habits.

**Latin America**

Latin America is emerging as a notable player in the global sunflower
seeds market, with countries like Argentina and Brazil contributing
significantly to production. The region\'s favorable climate and
expanding agricultural land dedicated to sunflower cultivation support
this growth. Additionally, the increasing demand for edible oils and the
presence of market players introducing hybrid seeds with higher oil
content are propelling the market forward.

**Middle East & Africa**

The Middle East & Africa region holds a smaller yet growing share of the
global sunflower seeds market. Countries such as Egypt, Turkey, and
South Africa are notable contributors, with demand primarily driven by
the food industry\'s use of sunflower seeds for snacks and oil
extraction. As populations grow and consumers adopt healthier eating
habits, the demand for sunflower seeds and sunflower oil is expected to
rise, positioning the region for future market expansion.

In summary, while Europe and North America currently dominate the
sunflower seeds market, regions like Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and
the Middle East & Africa are exhibiting significant growth potential,
driven by changing consumer preferences and expanding agricultural
activities.

**Request for Customization Global Sunflower Seeds Market 2025--2034**

**<https://www.custommarketinsights.com/request-for-free-sample/?reportid=68314>**

**Global Sunflower Seeds Market FAQs**

1.  **Which are the driving factors of the Sunflower Seeds Market?**

The major market drivers include changing consumer preferences, rising
demand from processing industries, and increased utilisation by
confectionery sector.

2.  **Which application had the largest market share in the market?**

The "Edible Oil" had the largest share in the global market for
Sunflower Seeds.

3.  **Which type led the Sunflower Seeds market?**

The "Oilseed" category dominated the market in 2024.

4.  **Who are the key players in the Sunflower Seeds market?**

The key players in the market are Conagra Brands Inc., GIANT Snacks
Inc., PepsiCo Inc., Chinook Seedery, Nufarm Limited, Kenkko Corporation,
CHS Inc., Mr. Martin Inc., American Meadows Inc., Blue Diamond Group
Ltd., DuPont, Sakata Seed America, Nuseed, Limagrain UK, Mahyco Seeds,
Advanta Seeds -- UPL, KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA, Land O'Lakes Inc., Euralis
Semences, Corteva Agriscience, Others.

5.  **Which region is expected to dominate the market?**

"North America" is expected to dominate the market over the forecast
period.

6.  **What is the growth rate of the Sunflower Seeds market?**

The global market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 2.14% during the
forecast period, 2025-2034.

7.  **How much is the Sunflower Seeds market?**

The Sunflower Seeds Market size was valued at USD 29.27 Billion in 2025.

**Detailed TOC of Global Sunflower Seeds Market 2025 To 2034**

**1. Introduction of the Global Sunflower Seeds Market**

-   Overview of the Market

-   Scope of Report

-   Assumptions

**2. Executive Summary**

**3. Research Methodology of Custom Market Insights**

-   Data Mining

-   Validation

-   Primary Interviews

-   List of Data Sources

**4. Global Sunflower Seeds Market Outlook**

-   Overview

-   Market Dynamics

-   Drivers

-   Restraints

-   Opportunities

-   Porters Five Force Model

-   Value Chain Analysis

**5. Global Sunflower Seeds Market, By Type**

**6. Global Sunflower Seeds Market, By Application**

**7. Global Sunflower Seeds Market By Geography**

-   Global

-   Europe

-   Asia Pacific

-   Rest of the World

**8. Global Sunflower Seeds Market Competitive Landscape**

-   Overview

-   Company Market Ranking

-   Key Development Strategies

**9. Company Profiles**

**10. Appendix**

**About Us: Custom Market Insights**

Custom Market Insights (CMI) is a leading market research and advisory
firm dedicated to providing comprehensive business insights and market
research reports to enterprises of all sizes. Our mission is to assist
clients in formulating effective strategies and business policies,
consistently striving for sustainable growth within their respective
domains. At CMI, we offer a one-stop solution encompassing data
collection to investment advice, ensuring that our clients receive
tailored support for their unique business challenges.

Our team of seasoned professionals excels in delivering accurate
analyses by employing infallible methodologies that ensure high-level
data integrity and impeccable forecasts. We pride ourselves on our
flexibility, offering customized reports to meet the specific needs of
our clients. Our suite of services includes business consulting, product
performance and analytics, channel analytics, and peer analysis. By
staying abreast of daily global market events, our experts provide
pertinent information that saves time and empowers our clients to make
informed decisions.

**Contact us:**

**USA Corporate Office**

CMI Consulting LLC

**SALES & SUPPORT**

[**+1 801 639 9061**](tel:1234567890)

**Asia-Pacific Intelligence Centre**

CMI Market Research Pvt Ltd.

**SALES & SUPPORT**

[**020 46022736**](tel:1234567890)

**SEND AN EMAIL**

**support@custommarketinsights.com**

**Website: <https://www.custommarketinsights.com/>**
